# Introduction

The ANS JDV generator allows:

- generate the JDV “.xml” files from the “ANS\_Contenu\_JDV\_vx.x de travail.xslx” file by clicking on the “Macro JDV” button.
- generate JDV “.xml” files from NOS files by clicking on the “Download NOS JDV” button then clicking on “Macro JDV”.
- Sort the “JDV\_Generes.xml” file and display it in the form of a tree by clicking on the “Generated AD File Tree” button.
- Open the “JDV\_Generes.xml” file with the appropriate editor by clicking on the “Open generated AD file” button.
- Initialize the file list with the “Reset” button.
- Updating terminologies following downloading of “.rdf” files from the “<https://smt.esante.gouv.fr/catalogue-des-terminologies/>” site. the   download is done via a token and an url defined in the rdf.properties file included in the jar (Convertisseur-JDV.jar).
- Validate JDV files through the “Verification of well-trainedness” menu.

# Using the ANS JDV generator

To open the CDA generator, simply double click on **Convertisseur-JDV.jar**.

You have to :

- Select the document “ANS\_Contenu\_JDV\_vx.x de travail.xslx” through the “File” menu and generate the JDV xml files.
- Select the documents already generated by the “Macro JDV” button through the same “File” menu and generate the combined JDV file to deposit in art decor.
- Download the NOS JDV files by clicking on the “Download NOS JDV” button.
- Updated the Terminologies of the RDF files downloaded from the address previously announced.
- Sort the already generated combined file.
- All fields in the form are editable and filled in by default:
- Effective Date entered by default at 2021-03-15 00:00:00.
- Status code which can be "final, partial, final truncated, completed, active, aborted".
- Label version set to “1.0” by default.
- Level set to “0” by default.
- Type set to “L” by default.
- Output file path (AD FILE) which represents the output path of the JDV file generated for art decor, by default it is at C:\JDV\JDV\_Generes.xml.
- Path of output files (JDV FILES) by default at C:\JDV\output\ and which represents the folder which will host the JDV files generated by the “Macro JDV” button.
- NOS files URL to download JDV NOS files.

# Prerequisites

**Java must be installed on your user computer.**

**testContentCDA must be installed on your user computer to have access to the JDV folder.**

**Possible Java-related launch issue**

If you have the "JVM Launcher exception", you need to update your Java version.

To do this, install a new version of Java by clicking on the link: <https://download.oracle.com/java/20/latest/jdk-20_windows-x64_bin.exe>.

After installing Java, open Command Prompt (CMD) and type "java -version" to ensure that the new version of Java is installed.

You can then restart the JDV generator.


**To add new RDF terminologies in the “rdf.properties” file, you must right-click on Converteur-JDV.jar and click on open the archive via 7-zip for example. Find the rdf.properties file, open it, include the new terminology (or modify the url in case of change of access to the SMT) and save the file in the jar.**
